CLDR-18940 Release page cleanup (#5089)
unicode-org/cldr: docs/site/downloads/cldr-48.md

  - deprecated unit IDs permillion, portion, portion-per-1e9, 100-kilometer.

#### Language Data
- [language_script.tsv](https://github.com/unicode-org/cldr/blob/main/tools/cldr-code/src/main/resources/org/unicode/cldr/util/data/language_script.tsv) updated to include only one "Primary" writing system for languages that used to have multiple options ([CLDR-18114][]).
Notable changes are:

>   - Panjabi `pa` has changed the primary to Gurumukhi `Guru` because widespread usage is in the Gurumukhi script -- while most speakers are in Pakistan `PK`, written usage remains Gurumukhi.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Punjabi `pa` has changed the primary to Gurmukhi `Guru` because widespread usage is in the Gurmukhi script. While most speakers are in Pakistan `PK`, written usage remains Gurmukhi.
```

## Migration

> - Number patterns that did not have a specific numberSystem (such as latn or arab) had been deprecated for many releases, and were finally removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Number patterns that did not have a specific numberSystem (such as `latn` or `arab`) had been deprecated for many releases, and were finally removed.
```
